what's going on guys let em see here and
today I have a tutorial on the computer
side of the GTA 5 mods now first of all
ignore these gay songs in the corner
second of all what you're going to want
to do is you're gonna want to go to the
website GTA DNS calm and just going to
direct you to an ad file link and then
you're going to get to this page
download for windows or download for mac
and yes so it's coming down to the
program it's on the very first version
so don't worry about the issues you can
watch my other tutorial and that's how I
solve issues so now we're going to want
to do is you're going to want to open up
it's gonna be in a window our file and
you're just gonna want to extract it to
your desktop now when you're in here an
issue that a lot of people are having is
that you get that you're getting like
you can't open the program and to solve
that what you need to do is even to
close everything that is running on port
80 like Skype utorrent just like pretty
much make sure your computer is clear of
everything like that you think that
might be on port 80 so a lot of games
and stuff so just going to want to make
sure everything's closed and as you can
see i have nothing running on port 80 so
mine's going to load I had the exact
same as you guys my program would not
load I made sure I went through my
computer I closed everything that might
be running on port 80 and it worked so
you're just going to want to double
click it I don't run it as administrator
because it automatically opens as an
administrator see so you're going to
want to hit yes and you should open so
watch it not open because I don't even
know it's watch it not open and
when it does open okay yeah it's open
okay when it's opened it's going to look
like this and now the next issue people
are having as you can see in this corner
here a lot of people's DNS like where
it's like where it says dns right here
primary dns it'll say like air or
something a way to check that is we go
into here you go into CMD like Matt and
you type in this IP config and then you
hit Enter I'm not going to do it so it's
going to show my IP if you wanna type in
ipconfig it will be in the description
and that's how you're going to solve
that primary dns error and you're going
to find your ipv4 address when you're in
CMD and that's going to be what you're
going to want to put in as your primary
this is my primary because this is my IP
v4 then your secondary is always going
to be a point A to point 8 point 8 i'm
pretty sure and then you can follow my
other tutorial from there on how that's
going to work um i think that's pretty
much about it if it's still not opening
after port 80 try allowing it to your
firewall by going to your control panel
and you're going to want to go to system
and security firewall and you're just
going to want to add it to your going to
end allowed a program through firewall
and you're just going to want to make
sure grand theft mod like i have all my
grand theft mod files allowed on there
so you're going to do that and that
might be another fix so I hope that
guy's helped you it's just a little
tutorial and leave a like rating if it's
helped you comment if any issues you can
add my gamertag and I will do one-on-one
help with you guys and anyways I'll see
you guys later pizza